–So when you think about say in a atheistic framework, atheist professor and scientist, colleagues right,
when they walk into a laboratory they have a particular framework of the world.
They believe the world is random… – They do
–... time and chance acting on matter, nothing immaterial,
they don’t believe in a god who personally governs everything.
When you think about that worldview, how should impact how they walk into the laboratory,
if they really believe that and lived like it.
–I think a lot of regards they are somewhat foolish for obeying the laws to begin with,
because they don’t believe in an ultimate accountability so
they don’t believe in anything that should resemble consistency in a lab
and I really don’t understand how they cross that bridge of
not being able to justify the principle of induction and using it every day, so
at the end of the day these these guys like to go home and,
I don’t know, drink whiskey and smokes cigars or something
and pretend to not think about the fact that they cannot justify the very science
that they’re using to be their authority on truth. –  Right on!